Hi this be our log on what we are doing for the OrigamiSimulator. 

- [OrigamiSimulator Progress](#origamisimulator-progress)
- [overall objectives](#overall-objectives)
  - [Log:](#log)
  - [Tue 21 Jul 2020 01:43:16 PM +08](#tue-21-jul-2020-014316-pm-08)
      - [DOJO issue](#dojo-issue)

# OrigamiSimulator Progress


# overall objectives 


* able to tune the hieight of the grid (MAZE)
* strealine (comm between amanda and maze)
* see if can make like diagonal stuff etc 
* test ig AMADA nand MAZE can run locally (w/o internt) [Done]
--- dynamic portion for maze take note. (the grid part (red and blue part))



## Log: 
Tired to understand how it works
    • Navigated our way around MAZE and AMANDA
Maze
    • Downloaded all of Maze’s file (maze.js, dojo.js etc and ga.js)
    • Typed “ANXT” and tried to directly copy this SVG into the 
    • Tried to run this locally. 
        ◦ There were issues with trying to find the script 
        ◦ Managed to fix the dojo directory thing, however left with another directory issue…maze.js

Cannot run AMANDA locally
    • Have the SVG error (could be due to some polyfill shit)
    • Tried to import the SVG:
        ◦ Cause of some grouping error
    • Realization: When we directly copied SVG, it saw it as a group (the xml elements were grouped as one, then cannot differentiate) [this is when we tried to put ANXT] 
        ◦ Also, the structure is different between the original and copied and paste. 
        ◦ Realized that:
            ▪ Colors are different
        ◦ Why it won’t work is because AMANDA has strict distinction of stroke type of what color it should be 
            ▪ Extract Mazes source code (need to find git code for maze)
            ▪ Can alter it such that can generate svg based on what AMANDA requires it. 
                • Issue: svg generated by maze has a structure entirely different from AMANDA. 
    • Can cross be a subset of helloworld.svg?
        ◦ Can we remove components of hello world such that cross.svg can work?
Options: 
Maze source code into 
    • Create url path inside with Maze 
    • Step 0: Try ot make the svg work (extraction) 
        ◦ Modify and crop out the thing, does it work?
    • Step 1: make maze run locally 
        ◦ Do we need to find the source code? GET THEM.  
Option 1: 
    • 2 diff websits and allow coomunication 
    • Amanda asks svg file from maze
    • Then can add form fill, make maze a server 
Option 2 : (embedding)
    • 1 single website with Maze and amanada embedded with each other
    • See if can just copy and paste the code directly (just to test the maze feature, and see of the directory works in amanda)
        ◦ Modify index.html and put text input somewhere and 

Original (positive)
<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="60.37709999999999 -39.6229 679.2468 679.2468">
<line stroke="#000" opacity="1" x1="607.547" y1="16.981" x2="645.283" y2="16.981" stroke-width="1.8867966666666667"/>
<line stroke="#000" opacity="1" x1="550.943" y1="16.981" x2="588.68" y2="16.981" stroke-width="1.8867966666666667"/>
    • Coloring system is in #f00 3 digit 

Copied (negative) 
<svg overflow="hidden" width="800" height="600">
<defs></defs>
Are all this overflow be cropped out 
    • Colouring system is in RGB





## Tue 21 Jul 2020 01:43:16 PM +08

Previous session:
-	Tried to make Maze.js run locally, but ran into a directory error. 
Today’s Goal:
-	Fix the directory error (for maze.js) and 
  - get Maze.js to run locally


#### DOJO issue
